Manual Cherry-picking for #538 (#617)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/admin/proc-rhdh-monitoring-logging-aks.adoc

.Prerequisites

* You have deployed {product-short} on {aks-short}.

> For more information, see xref:{installing-on-aks-book-url}#assembly-install-rhdh-aks[Installing Red Hat Developer Hub on Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:{installing-on-aks-book-url}#assembly-install-rhdh-aks[Installing {product} on {aks-name} ({aks-short})].
```
